Question: The primary focus of the ?????systems approach????? to the problems of business and industry is to improve: Input: A. organizational performance B. work habits C. organizational morale D. individual morale. The correct answer is
Question: An industry that create a lot of waste is: Input: A. Solar Power Companies B. Recycling companies C. water production companies D. Cleaning Companies. The correct answer is
Question: Which of the following is NOT a characteristic of perfectly competitive industry? Input: A. Free entry into the industry. B. Product differentiation. C. Perfectly elastic demand curve. D. Homogeneous products. The correct answer is
Question: Which of the following elements is not part of Porter's Five Forces model for industry competitiveness? Input: A. Threat of substitutes. B. Threat of suppliers. C. Power of buyers. D. Threat from government. The correct answer is
Question: Which of the following is an example of a bulk-gaining industry? Input: A. Steel B. Bottled orange juice C. Paper D. Copper ... Output Answer:
Question: The industry that makes plastic army figures uses a small fraction of the plastic demanded for all purposes. On this basis, we can conclude that the army-figures industry is most likely a(n) : Input: A. increasing-cost industry constant-cost industry B. decreasing-cost industry C. profit-making industry. The correct answer is
Question: Which of the following has the highest predictive validity in personnel selection in industry? Input: A. A projective technique B. An objective personality inventory C. An interview by the personnel manager D. A biographical inventory. The correct answer is
Question: A manufacturing industry has asked to relocate its plant to your town. From an environmental perspective,: Input: A.  which question is least important to ask before deciding whether the industry may move to your town? "B. How will the plant affect wildlife of the area? What kinds of pollution will the plant produce?" C. What impact will the plant have on the population of the town? D. What are the uses of the products that the plant will manufacture? The correct answer is
Question: Which of the following is LEAST self-sufficient in the natural resources needed for modern industry? Input: A. United States B. Japan C. France D. United Kingdom. The correct answer is
Question: Which is a way the agricultural biotechnology industry could have a positive impact on the environment? Input: A. by producing crops that are virus resistant B. by making robots to replace large farm machines C. by reducing the need for countries to import food D. by increasing the use of wind farms that produce electricity. The correct answer is
