1. The wheels and gears of a machine are greased in order to decrease: (A)potential energy, (B)efficiency, (C)output, (D)friction. Correct Answer: D
2. Toyota's Prius and Honda's hybrid Civic are examples of technological products inspired by: (A)Style considerations in the Japanese automobile industry. (B)Social pressure to develop more fuel-efficient vehicles with fewer dangerous emissions. (C)The desire of many engineers to simply make interesting products. (D)The realization that Japanese people didn't need large (D) high-speed cars. Correct Answer:B
3. Which of the following is NOT a characteristic of perfectly competitive industry? (A)Free entry into the industry. (B)Product differentiation. (C)Perfectly elastic demand curve. (D)Homogeneous products. Correct Answer: B
4. According to Alfred Weber's least-cost theory,  which one of the following costs of production is the most important factor in locating an industry? (A)Labor (B)Transport (C)Raw materials (D)Agglomeration costs. Correct Answer: B
5. The industry that makes plastic army figures uses a small fraction of the plastic demanded for all purposes. On this basis,  we can conclude that the army-figures industry is most likely a(n): (A)increasing-cost industry (B)constant-cost industry (C)decreasing-cost industry (D)profit-making industry. Correct Answer: B
6. A manufacturing industry has asked to relocate its plant to your town. From an environmental perspective,  which question is least important to ask before deciding whether the industry may move to your town? (A)How will the plant affect wildlife of the area? (B)What kinds of pollution will the plant produce? (C)What impact will the plant have on the population of the town? (D)What are the uses of the products that the plant will manufacture? Correct Answer: D
7. The 'post-industrial society' identified by Bell (1973) involved: (A)the increasing power of trade unions in resolving industrial disputes (B)a resurgence of interest in industrial production and manufacturing (C)a shift towards a service economy (D)based on knowledge and information, all of the above. Correct Answer: C
8. According to Esman (1972), which publics are related to the organisation through shared industrial interests? (A)Enabling (B)Functional (C)Normative (D)Diffused. Correct Answer: C
